the kids draw in an activity case for
iPad is great for kids it safely lets
them draw and play with all the apps
they love while keeping the iPads secure
and protected the iPad is easily
inserted into the case and locked into
place with access for volume control
power headphones and charging the case
can stand upright and rotate a full 360
degrees or lay flat in the storage tray
this activity center has a traditional
dry erase marker board and clips for
drawing paper on one side
so kids can comfortably play with games
and apps draw or enjoy watching their
favorite videos alright buddy time to
pack it up
the activity case has extra compartments
for art supplies the included marker
stylus and erase your store away for
later use and once the case is packed up
the iPad is fully protected get creative
with the CTA kids drawing an activity
case hey what you watching a bagging a
turtle are they best friends yes
you